Add KIC 1.1.0 documentation (#2500)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/kubernetes-ingress-controller/1.1.x/references/annotations.md

Any other value will be ignored.

Sample usage:

```yaml
konghq.com/https-redirect-status-code: "301"
```

Please note the quotes (`"`) around the integer value.

### konghq.com/regex-priority

> Available since controller 0.9

Sets the `regex_priority` setting to this value on the Kong route associated
with the Ingress resource. This controls the [matching evaluation
order](/../../latest/proxy/#evaluation-order) for regex-based
routes. It accepts any integer value. Routes are evaluated in order of highest
priority to lowest.

Sample usage:

```yaml
konghq.com/regex-priority: "10"
```

Please note the quotes (`"`) around the integer value.

### konghq.com/methods

> Available since controller 0.9

Sets the `methods` setting on the Kong route associated with the Ingress
resource. This controls which request methods will match the route. Any
uppercase alpha ASCII string is accepted, though most users will use only
[standard methods](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods).

Sample usage:

```yaml
konghq.com/methods: "GET,POST"
```

### konghq.com/snis

> Available since controller 1.1

Sets the `snis` match criteria on the Kong route associated with this Ingress.

> These allow route matching based on the server name indication information sent
> in a client's TLS handshake, for route-attached plugins that execute during the
> certificate phase (for example, [Mutual TLS
> Authentication](https://docs.konghq.com/hub/kong-inc/mtls-auth/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using route-attached plugins that execute during the certificate 
phase (for example, [Mutual TLS Authentication](/hub/kong-inc/mtls-auth/)), 
the `snis` annotation allows route matching based on the server name 
indication information sent in a client's TLS handshake.
```
Context first, if possible, so the reader knows if they need to keep reading or not.
